Improve annotation and names for single cell workflow (#706)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/scRNAseq/fastq-to-matrix-10x/README.md

# Single-Cell RNA-seq Preprocessing: 10X Genomics Data to Analysis-Ready Formats

> These workflows are inspired by the [training material](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/single-cell/tutorials/scrna-preprocessing-tenx/tutorial.html). The output is two formats:  a 'bundle' format with three files (one matrix, one with genes, one with barcodes) which is similar to the cellranger output format, and individual outputs that can be consumed in scanpy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These workflows are inspired by the [training material](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/single-cell/tutorials/scrna-preprocessing-tenx/tutorial.html). The output is in a 'bundle' format with three files (one matrix, one with genes, one with barcodes) which is similar to the cellranger output format, and is compatible with any Read10X function (Seurat or Scanpy). There are 2 types of output collections: either one collection with all matrices, one collection with all genes and one collection with all barcodes (compatible with post processing in galaxy) or a single nested collection with one sub-collection per sample with the 3 files (easier for local downstream analysis).
```
